hey guys welcome to my channel you see a
phone tree in the background you see
California sunshine actually sunset but
you know that I am in California right
now actually in Los Angeles in Hollywood
taking my filmmaking course and this
video will be about the importance of
the accent whether it's important about
whether it's not important to be
successful in the United States so if
you're interested continue watching this
video
as you know I came here on a filmmaking
course so I'm I studied to be a
filmmaker I studied to do anything
starting with script writing casting
actors filming and then producing and
then creating the whole story because
I'm a youtuber and I thought this course
makes a lot of sense when they say
mirrorless they just mean that there is
no mirror but what this is doing that's
taking the lens into the saying start
spreading the news I'm leaving today I
want to be the part of me yes this is
our class Melia I wish a class of six
six
nobody wants to be in my blog my program
is actually called filmmaking and it's
just a six-week program it was
relatively easy to get into the program
so basically it runs for six weeks you
do not need any English language
proficiency tests so they do not require
you to take IELTS or TOEFL but they're
gonna call you on skype and ask you
questions like why do you want to take
the program and they want to make sure
that your English is good enough to
understand the program and like for
understanding the program I would guess
you need like intermediate upper
intermediate level English we have a
girl who's intermediate and I think
she's struggling a little because there
are so many terms that were using
regarding camera regarding casting like
roll action terms like ISO and tungsten
light that are connected with the camera
operations I would consider an
intermediate level if you want to come
to the states to do a certificate course
in some subject like I'm doing because
I'm doing filmmaking I get to work with
actors and yes there is a lot going on
in Hollywood right now because of you
know Netflix produces its own series
YouTube produces a series so they have
script writers and YouTube has the whole
new community and there are a lot of
roles like a lot of different roles but
the thing is because everything is about
America when you watching the most
famous movies that all about America so
the majority of roles would require you
to speak American English and I was
talking to this actress who's in my
group so she's done her acting
she's from an Arabic country so she has
a little accent she spent some time in
Hollywood and she said I was taking part
in a lot of castings and there was this
producer who loved me like he loved her
appearance but the movie was about
America and he was doing his best trying
to fit her in but he couldn't because
the character that he had in mind spoke
American English the character was from
the United States and she said she just
couldn't get the role
[Music]
my friend who knows a very famous
teacher acting teacher here in LA she
said that that teacher said that a good
actor should be able to do at least 12
axes and those include American English
British English Spanish Jackson because
Spanish population is huge and you know
Russian and polish and then like Eastern
European accent so I would say you want
to fit if you want to stand the
competition you need to do like 12
accents like be really artistic and I
know people who can do loads of axes and
that's because they can sing because
they can act and this is in their nature
on the other hand there is Penelope Cruz
for example don't leave me out of the
frame like last time
[Applause]
chitty-chitty I love you are thick
Spanish accents but you know what
scriptwriters find a way to fit her in
the film because of her strong character
so if your character is strong enough
then people would go go out there and
help you get the role
[Music]
hey I just wanted to share some of my
experience two days ago with casting
actors for blow a film project Wow
what's that some rice wow what the heck
director is this so you wanna be in
Hollywood yes yeah we have no choice
they don't get their tuition they need a
mean I highly friends because we're
doing three films during the course I
was looking at those actors and you know
what there was this girl yes she was
with Spanish accent but her personality
was she's a true Latina she's so like
you know screaming shouting so emotional
she's really Tom how you know it I can
tell you aware by the way you're asking
my advice to girl will be like don't
lose your accent I would actually cast
her in my first movie well it's a short
movies just one minute but I select her
straight away when I sir it went she she
was playing something when she was
really angry I'm like yes I want that
personality and I won her accent so yeah
[Music]
on your producer they come to us that's
why I like producing cost of the program
is $2,900 and you also need to save some
money for your accommodation and for
your food really important and then you
want to come to the states right you
need an airplane anyone need a visa you
can get a student visa so knife ax is a
sponsor it's official sponsor of student
visa so they're gonna give you a visa
letter and so if you want to enroll the
link will be below these are my thoughts
about whether to have or not to have an
American accent whether to work and or
not
let me know guys what do you think do
you think accent is important to succeed
my answer would be yes as long as you
can do it like as long as you can do it
go and do it work in your accent that's
what I'm trying to do all the time
some of you notice that come on more de
cycles hate them hate them especially
when we filming outside some of you said
my accent has actually improved a lot
and some of you watched videos from like
two years back thank you I'm working on
it I wouldn't say it's an easy process I
live here in the States and I'd read
mimic people but it's not an easy
process your brain is like all grown up
and in things like this is the way I
want to I want to talk and you just need
to reteach you let me know anything guys
let me know if accent is important but
in order to be in Hollywood you don't
need to be an actor you can be anything
you can be a filmmaker you can be a
producer you can be a lighting
specialist you can miss cinematographer
and their you nobody cares about your
accent yes it's a good thing to have but
well if you're talented if you know how
to put your ideas into English words
then that's it so you don't really care
it just be talented just be here and
create things that you want to do thank
you so much for watching this vlog off
to the end thank you so much for
subscribing for pressing the red button
and if you enjoyed this video the only
way for me to know if you enjoyed it is
liking so if you liked it please like it
because you know getting feedback from
you I would love to see you in person
someday but thank you so much and see
vlog bye
[Music]